Update PR template with branch info. (#754)
xamarin/XamarinCommunityToolkit: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- 
Hey there! First of all, thank you so much for this PR!
Some things that you should be aware of before opening this amazing PR❣

> 1. Please check if you are targeting the correct branch, we work on two branches and you should target the:
> **main**: If you are fixing a bug and this bug doesn't change our public APIs
> **develop**: If you are fixing a bug that introduces an API change if you are implementing a new feature.
> If you are not sure what branch target, you can ask about the issue first or open the PR and the Amazing XCT team will let you know!
> 2. Check if there's an open issue for this change, if don't please open an issue first let us review it. You always can check our Contribution guide here 
> (https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinCommunityToolkit/blob/pj/update-pr-template/CONTRIBUTING.md)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Please check if you are targeting the correct branch, we work on two branches and you should target the:
**main**: If you are fixing a bug and this bug doesn't change our public APIs
**develop**: If you are fixing a bug that introduces an API change if you are implementing a new feature.
If you are not sure what branch target, you can ask about the issue first or open the PR and the Amazing XCT team will let you know!

2. Check if there's an open issue for this change, if don't please open an issue first let us review it. You always can check our Contribution guide here 
(https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinCommunityToolkit/blob/pj/update-pr-template/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

<!-- 

> Hey there! First of all thank you so much for this PR!
> 
> Some things that you should be aware of before opening this amazing PR❣
> 
> 1. Please check if you are targeting the correct branch, we work on two branchs and you should target the:
> **main**: If you are fixing a bug and this bug doesn't change our public APIs
> **develop**: If you are fixing a bug that introduces an API change, if you are implementing a new feature.
> If you are not sure what branch target, you can ask on the issue first or open the PR and the Amazing XCT team will let you know!
> 
> 
> 2. Check if there's an open issue for this change, if don't please open an issue first let us review it. You always can check our Contribution guide here 
> (https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinCommunityToolkit/blob/pj/update-pr-template/CONTRIBUTING.md)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hey there! First of all, thank you so much for this PR!
Some things that you should be aware of before opening this amazing PR❣
1. Please check if you are targeting the correct branch, we work on two branches and you should target the:
**main**: If you are fixing a bug and this bug doesn't change our public APIs
**develop**: If you are fixing a bug that introduces an API change if you are implementing a new feature.
If you are not sure what branch target, you can ask about the issue first or open the PR and the Amazing XCT team will let you know!
2. Check if there's an open issue for this change, if don't please open an issue first let us review it. You always can check our Contribution guide here 
(https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinCommunityToolkit/blob/pj/update-pr-template/CONTRIBUTING.md)

```
